Update ci-resources.md (#1569)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/ci/ci-resources.md

## Further reading

> Travis offers a great deal of functionality <!--functionalities?--> not described here for automating other processes related to the testing and deployment of projects. Look into these, the Travis [documentation](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment) offers a good starting point for this.

Reviewer: I agree that it should be `functionalities`

> Travis offers a great deal of functionality <!--functionalities?--> not described here for automating other processes related to the testing and deployment of projects. Look into these, the Travis [documentation](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment) offers a good starting point for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Travis offers many functionalities not described here for automating other processes related to the testing and deployment of projects. Look into these, the Travis [documentation](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/deployment) offers a good starting point for this.
```
